Carly Rae Jepsen (born November 21, 1985)[1][2] is a Canadian singer, songwriter,
and actress. Born and raised in Mission, British Columbia, Jepsen performed several
lead roles in her high school's musical productions and pursued musical theatre
at the Canadian College of Performing Arts in Victoria, BC. After completing her
studies, she relocated to Vancouver and later competed on the fifth season of
Canadian Idol in 2007, placing third. In 2008, Jepsen released her folk-influenced
debut studio album, Tug of War, in Canada. Jepsen's breakthrough came in 2012, when
her single "Call Me Maybe" achieved significant mainstream popularity; the song
was the best-selling single of that year, reaching number one in 18 countries.
[3] As a result, she was signed to a joint worldwide record deal with School Boy
 Records and Interscope Records. Jepsen's second studio album, Kiss, was released 
 later that year. It marked a greater shift into mainstream pop music and saw fair
  commercial success, reaching the top ten in Canada and the United States. In
  2014, Jepsen made her Broadway stage debut as the titular character in Cinderella.
  The following year, she released her third studio album, Emotion. It is noted for
   its influence from 1980s music as well as blending dance-pop and synth-pop with
    indie sensibilities. While less commercially successful than Kiss, it saw the
     success of its lead single, "I Really Like You", and received critical acclaim.
      In 2016 Jepsen performed in the television special Grease: Live and lent her
       voice to the animated film Ballerina. Her fourth studio album, Dedicated,
        was released on May 17, 2019, along with a follow-up titled Dedicated Side
   B was distributed a year later.
Jepsen has received multiple accolades, including three Juno Awards, a Billboard 
Music Award, and an Allan Slaight Award, in addition to various nominations for 
Grammy Awards, MTV Video Music Awards, Polaris Music Prize and People's Choice 
Awards.[4][5] As of May 2015, Jepsen has sold over 25 million records worldwide.
[6][7]
